# READ ME
photopea-ClaireLitchfield created by GitHub Classroom

Cartoon layered edited image with two panels. The right side features a girl in a wheelchair holding a letter. She is positioned in front of a school with steps to the door. The letter reads “Please update the school entrance” and is connected by dotted lines to a paper airplane flying over the school. The left side shows an engineer standing in front of a blackboard which reads “I can fix YOU.” He is holding a robotic leg in one hand and a gear in the other. The floor has other mechanical and robotic pieces littered around his feet. Between the two images, a black bar separates the sides, but the paper plane flies over it, only to land crumpled under the blackboard.


# Discussion
In my image, I am attempting to showcase the discrepancy between designer’s intentions and Disabled people’s interests: “abled designers typically focus on an ableist approach to technologically modifying or augmenting the individual bodies of Disabled people to approximate normative mobility styles, compared to Disabled people, who may be more interested in architectural and infrastructural changes that fit their own mobility needs” (Costanza-Chock). I tweaked the metaphor “The open access movement has conceived of accessibility as availability—revolutionizing access to information, building libraries and academies without doors” to use stairs (Kairos). The young girl is attempting to gain access into the school, but the steps make her entry much harder than an able bodied student. The paper plane, with direct connection to the crumpled paper at the engineer’s feet, represents the information that the girl has access to and is able to share, but is halted by the engineer’s (designer’s) focus on making her walk up the stairs instead of adjusting the building to fit her abilities.
